1. Find if path exists in graph 
DFS only for source component alone is enough no need for all the components. In source component if anywhere destination is present return true. DFS job is to 
search if the destination node is present in the component.
2. Number of provinces
DFS for all the nodes. Count number of dfs calls which gives number of provinces. DFS job is to mark entire component visited.
3. Number of islands(grid given)
No adj list. DFS for all the cells in grid. Each cell iterate four directions inside dfs if cell is 1 and not visited. DFS job is to mark entire component visited.
Optimisation : no separate visited array, use grid itself to mark visited.
4. Max Area Of Land (leetcode 695)
No adj list. DFS for all the cells in grid. Each cell iterate four directions inside dfs if cell is 1 and not visited. DFS job not only to mark the entire component
visited but to return some information about the component which is its area(int). 
5. Flood fill(leetcode 733)
DFS for a single component involving source coordinates alone is enough. DFS job is to change color of the entire component.
6. Rotting Oranges(leetcode 994)
Should be processed level by level so use bfs not dfs. In bfs for each rotted orange cell offer all the fresh oranges surrounded 4 dimensionally by marking them rotted.
7. 01 Matrix(leetcode 542)
Should process level by level so use bfs. Add all zeros to queue at first. In result assign 0 to cells contain 0 and -1 to non zeros initially.
8. Pacific Atlantic Water Flow (leetcode 417)
Both dfs and bfs solutions are possible. Add cells reachable to pacific and atlantic at first. Use separate bfs for pacific and atlantic. At last ff a cell is 
visited by both add it to result.
9. Surrounding Regions (leetcode 130)
Both bfs and dfs solutions are possible. Connected components similar to so proceed dfs. Start with all the four edges wherever zeros are present, those connected
components cant be captured.
10. Number of Enclaves(leetcode 1020)
Both bfs and dfs are possible. Connected components similar so proceed dfs. 
11. Redundant Connection (leetcode 684)
Sol1 : Before adding each edge to the graph, check if u can reach v. If yes then that is the redundant node. If not add it to the graph. Need to maintain
separate visited array for each dfs query.
Sol2 : Using DSU. Core idea is in every component, each node should eventually point to same root. Then it will be easy to identify parents of two nodes. 
If parents are same then edge already exists. If nodes in two connected components have edge then make root of one component to point root of another component. 
